IOT APPLICATIONS

1  In agriculture  we can make a communitions and signalling equipment which show the water level in the well as well as the control system of water pump.
2  we can make street lights on when an object is moving in the street with 50m front and back vision.
3  we can use iot to give water to plants which are planted as a part of program haritharam especilly in our state because 70 %of the plantations lost due to lack of water every year.
4  we can develop system for agriculture forms for food water release according to the  time and temperature monitoring.
5  we can use iot in vehicles to know the movement speed and theft alert.
6  we can use iot in cold storages in order to maintain the temperature.
7  using iot we can make alert for medicines .and data of the medicines remaning and time to which   
   Next medicines.
8  we can make a water handling system in apartments were lot of water is wasted without actually   
   Monitoring the tanks.
9  we can make watering system to garden .
10 we can make a security system in our surrounding using sensor such that it will intimate if any suspicious.
11 Iot can be developed for the dumb people such that some instructions on the fingers sensor movements can be transmitted through speaker.
12 In rural areas the pollutants released by the factories in to the air and water should be monitored 
   Using iot.
13 the co2 percent at the traffic signals can be obtained using iot application.
14 Iot can be implemented in restricted areas to show the caution and provide the right path to the people over there.
15 In universities student Id card can be replaced with bluetooth chip such that attendance can be monitored.
16 In vechicles if there are any abnormal vibration the wheels can be send caution using iot.
17 iot can be implemented in opening and closing and doors ,windows.
18 Iot can be implemented in houses hold electric circuits.
19 using iot we can find the stock in the industry and it makes easy to determine the products to bring.
20 we can control water gateways using iot ,such that no man power is required .
